Make items in LoadoutView draggable (#7832)
DestinyItemManager/DIM: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Next

* Collect Postmaster now requires an additional click to confirm.

> * You can drag items from existing loadouts in the Loadouts page into the loadout editor - use it to grab a couple of your favorite pieces from another loadout!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On the Loadouts page, you can now drag existing items on the page, into the current Loadout Editor. Use it to grab a couple of your favorite pieces from another loadout!
```
maybe? it was kind of a run-on string of prepositions. just me but maybe a good time to remind people this already works on inventory page as well.

Author: Yeah that's a good idea
